good afternoon
Hello, you are 18 years old, yes, I am from
Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, the city of
Rostov, Russia, that you are some kind of student, yes
, somewhere On the second floor on a two-story
bed
2 education
girls just laugh laugh
No
we each take turns Ukraine it is the
turn of Ukraine Choose something to
laugh Yes, we need to laugh at everyone
funny here Ukraine through five
countries
let's let's you girls
say I understand that
some kind of educated cattle there  who thumps
so educated learn to be a lawyer
What do you think is normal to laugh
if your country is now killing people in
Ukraine it’s normal to laugh in chat roulette
with Ukrainians
you can laugh not only at bad things
you can only laugh at good ones you can
tell neutral jokes you can
tell jokes about Jews
audibly  my jokes show not a
nazi this is no these are funny jokes
about the nation and tell about the Ukrainians about the
nonsense about the Jew I don’t know a single joke about anyone a
Jew Can you tell me
Already no, I already forgot just a joke about the
nation And you By the way, what nationality do the
girls
get jokes about Armenians you know
Oh something there Yes dad told
something too  there was something about a Jew
remember about the real memory of jokes I
don’t remember I just know that there are funny
jokes about any nation You can also about
Russians about Ukrainians about all funny
jokes there is this But what, for example, I
can’t understand Let’s see what it could
be  a joke about Armenians That's how it
differs from a joke about Ukrainians, for example.
Russians know some
jokes about Russians
well You go here on the Internet you
come across a person from Ukraine what we talk about
I know Hello
Goodbye and that's all basically By the way, if
there is some situation Here are the provocateurs go the
words to Ukraine all the provocateurs understandably
further click and we are looking for
people what are the provocations
[music]
I go to chat roulette to
talk to people they listen to the words to Ukraine
people communicate  it’s just that there are words here,
she has a greeting words to Ukraine Well, what can I
say and everything is possible further that so the word to
Ukraine we
switch
you are citizens of Armenia or citizens of Russia,
but what do you think Russia is bad or
Russia is a good
beautiful country very beautiful very
much national But in  conflict
that she attacked Ukraine Is she good
or bad, we don’t delve into this, let’s
do it, I’m not involved in politics, I don’t know,
I don’t get involved in my opinion, it’s very good And you have a
dad, a brother, you have a boyfriend, of course they were
taken to war in Ukraine, no
to be interested in politics,
we will start to be interested in their life Yes,
they water it so look, it turns out you are not
interested in politics, but
then about politics  they declare war they declare
mobilization they take away your guys and you
are interested in their lives but not
politics  us
this war Why do our fathers
think we have that in Russia the people are for the
war or that you are
in the White girl for the war you said
yes
No there were no
Ukrainians what kills Russians Well I
mean war is war at any
time so that in history  Russia
has always had a war question On whose
territory, for example, are Ukrainians killing
Russians in Ukraine or in Russia
Well, on the territory of Ukraine, yes, that is, if the
Russians had not come,
I know how the war is going on because
my classmate and my father are fighting and there
is such a thing to remove him  of course they kill people, but
it happens that Ukrainians are like that you
have a cigarette, they smoke cigarettes
then they start further, let's
just say so  what is your
classmate there is a
father in Ukraine and for what is the
purpose of their non-war What do they want Well or
not they just say go fight duty
We have a law that obliges
your men all these men and women that's what
you think for what you are sent to  this
war
and the ranches of Ukrainians are sent to
capture us and we must not let us be
captured here everything is clear
Why they took your
classmate’s dad and threw him into a foreign country
I can fight to defend Because they
ordered
why not dad don’t you think What is
the meaning of this  the order that what should
be for
us in general, in principle, is meaningless, it
turns out that I understand correctly that all
people do not understand the meaning, but they go like
sheep of this, it is
their duty, since they are
military men, they are military men of Russia,
they must go to war when it
happens Well Let's So they
are obliged so a  so they can ask
their authorities for the sake of what we think
for the sake of what, for example. According to the news, they said
that half
and how  Council said that this war is
generally pointless in principle, because
the conquest of territory is not
some kind of necessity, since Russia is
so rather vast. That's all it is.
Such a forced situation, a war
occurs,
so if your dad, for example, is
taken to Ukraine tomorrow for mobilization, you will
ask the president a question  why
my dad is being taken to Ukraine to fight,
but someone thinks this question
will be answered for us Well, if you look at everyone From whom the
father of the son’s brother was taken away, if they didn’t
ask a question Maybe they were heard
in our country, our people don’t listen to
many people very many This  the number is
simply unimaginably huge in some
countries. There are so many damn people
like ours, and
what I wanted to tell me, not a single
person, roughly speaking, is not taken into
account in this government. They chose me,
representatives of the country and not the people are not taken into account, and who
chooses these representatives of the country
Why does no one  understands who
elects the representatives of this country,
so it was
That is,  the elections are out for you Let's say we
now agreed with you all Russia is
[ __ ] Putin is [ __ ] and that we will
now run to Moscow think
we will knock on the Kremlin now everyone Vladimir
Vladimirovich leave you think we will
listen I am not telling you to
run somewhere I say first understanding these
processes Let's So who elected this
government who elected Putin
I personally did not vote I didn’t have the right to
vote at all, in principle, our
people will
turn out the people elect the president, which
means he can ask the
president, the
peoples asked the president, but he
answered that this is a need
for  than What do you want
if I wanted to ask Putin I asked him
And I want to ask how people
understand why They are fighting the
need for them everything they
need as they explained to you what the
need is as we understand it that the
military go to war because they
the military is all
because they are military and politicians
send the military to war because
well because because because  why is that why
politicians send the military to war
Because it’s necessary
Oh damn girls I think that when
your dad touches your brother there,
they won’t be taken away Why I’m sure Why
I’m sure It’s because I’m sure Everyone,
see everything before, too, were sure there
would be no mobilization
is disabled  that's why I won't take it Yes,
but they wo
n't take it from you. I don't know, you see.
that dad will just wait sadly.
That's how I think that you were hostile not
to know the socks of Kira psychology Yes, and
that they go because they are military people
send them, yes, that is, they are even citizens
, they all cannot formulate why they need
this war Well, they will take dad
my dad is not disabled
you can always at least start saying that
this is a criminal war. You don’t have
to choose with a poster, at least like this,
you already need to clearly define the position for yourself.
This is a criminal war. Putin is doing it
wrong, it will become easier when you
indicate without any there was some kind of
need for us.  did not say so